README.md, before:

# Bangazon E Commerce
Bangazon Inc. welcomes us to the team. we've been selected from a deep pool of candidates
to help build the next, disruptive online platform. Our goal is to become the most personalized, 
and most powerful commercial platform for individuals all around the globe.

## Team Goals
- Utilize ASP.NET MVC capabilities to create a single-page application displaying and modifying the company's workforce
- Use a navigation bar to view and modify each resource making up the Bangazon WorkForce
- Utilize ADO.NET to communicate with Database
- Write specific controllers building out our API's
- Learn to be part of a development team

## Employee Resource
### Index
- Author: Dan Brewer
- User can see list of employees that includes the employee's first name, last name, and department of each employee
### Create
- Author: Allison Collins
- User can add a new employee, determining first name, last name, indicating whether employee is a supervisor, and select a department from a drop-down menu
### Details
- Author: Hannah Neal
- From employee details view, the user can view employee first and last name, department, currently assigned computer, and training programs they have attended or plan on attending
### Edit
- Author: JD Wheeler
- From the employee details view, user can modify first and last name, department, training programs, and current computer

## Department Resource 
### Index
- Author: Allison Collins
- User can see a list of department names along with the budget and number of employees of each department
### Create
- Author: Dan Brewer
- User can create a new department; creation form allows user to enter new department name
### Details
- Author: Allison Collins
- From details view, user can view department budget and list of all employees currently assigned to each department 

## Computer Resource
- Author: JD Wheeler
### Index
- User can view a list of all the computers
### Create
- User can create a new computer; creation form allows user to enter computer manufacturer, make, and purchase date
### Details 
- From details view, user can view each computer's assigned employee, purchase date, make, and manufacturer
### Delete
- From details view, user can elect to delete a certain computer only if it has never been assigned to an employee

## Training Program Resource
### Index (Future Programs)
- Author: Dan Brewer
- User can see a list of all training programs that have not taken place yet
### Index (Past Programs)
- Author: Allison Collins
- From the Future Programs index page, user can click link to view past programs
### Create
- Author: Dan Brewer
- User can create a new training program; creation form allows user to enter program title, start date, end date, and maximum number of employees


## Technologies Used To Build This Application
- C#
- SQL
- Sql Server Management Studio
- ADO.NET
- ASP.Net

### Nashville Software School Bangazon Inc.

### &copy; Daniel Brewer, Allison Collins, Hannah Neal, JD Wheeler 2019

Commit message:

updated readme for training program edit and details sections

README.md, after:

# Bangazon E Commerce
Bangazon Inc. welcomes us to the team. we've been selected from a deep pool of candidates
to help build the next, disruptive online platform. Our goal is to become the most personalized, 
and most powerful commercial platform for individuals all around the globe.

## Team Goals
- Utilize ASP.NET MVC capabilities to create a single-page application displaying and modifying the company's workforce
- Use a navigation bar to view and modify each resource making up the Bangazon WorkForce
- Utilize ADO.NET to communicate with Database
- Write specific controllers building out our API's
- Learn to be part of a development team

## Employee Resource
### Index
- Author: Dan Brewer
- User can see list of employees that includes the employee's first name, last name, and department of each employee
### Create
- Author: Allison Collins
- User can add a new employee, determining first name, last name, indicating whether employee is a supervisor, and select a department from a drop-down menu
### Details
- Author: Hannah Neal
- From employee details view, the user can view employee first and last name, department, currently assigned computer, and training programs they have attended or plan on attending
### Edit
- Author: JD Wheeler
- From the employee details view, user can modify first and last name, department, training programs, and current computer

## Department Resource 
### Index
- Author: Allison Collins
- User can see a list of department names along with the budget and number of employees of each department
### Create
- Author: Dan Brewer
- User can create a new department; creation form allows user to enter new department name
### Details
- Author: Allison Collins
- From details view, user can view department budget and list of all employees currently assigned to each department 

## Computer Resource
- Author: JD Wheeler
### Index
- User can view a list of all the computers
### Create
- User can create a new computer; creation form allows user to enter computer manufacturer, make, and purchase date
### Details 
- From details view, user can view each computer's assigned employee, purchase date, make, and manufacturer
### Delete
- From details view, user can elect to delete a certain computer only if it has never been assigned to an employee

## Training Program Resource
### Index (Future Programs)
- Author: Dan Brewer
- User can see a list of all training programs that have not taken place yet
### Index (Past Programs)
- Author: Allison Collins
- From the Future Programs index page, user can click link to view past programs
### Create
- Author: Dan Brewer
- User can create a new training program; creation form allows user to enter program title, start date, end date, and maximum number of employees
### Details
- Author: Hannah Neal
- From the Training Programs list view, a user can select "details" for a given program to view the program name, start and end dates, max attendees and employees attending the program.
### Edit
- Author: Hannah Neal
- From the Training Programs list or details views, a user can edit the name, start and end dates, and max attendees for a selected program from a pre-filled form. Saving the edits will return the user to the Training Programs list view.


## Technologies Used To Build This Application
- C#
- SQL
- Sql Server Management Studio
- ADO.NET
- ASP.Net

### Nashville Software School Bangazon Inc.

### &copy; Daniel Brewer, Allison Collins, Hannah Neal, JD Wheeler 2019
